---
layout: post
title:      "The beginning of the new Era."
date:       2020-01-11 00:36:42 +0000
permalink:  the_beginning_of_the_new_era
---

So here we go, I get to the end of the FlatIron school on one hand and standing at the start of new beginnings on another. This was a long year, a year of digging tones of new information, year of sleeping less than 5 hours a day, year of pushing yourself trough your limits, year of catching wifi from nearby Starbucks while you sitting in your car with a laptop on your knees (when you living with Jack Russell Terrier with jet fuel instead of blood in his veins and four other people in one-bedroom apartment your car become the calmest place to study), year when you feeling yourself dumbest person in the whole world because you can't catch "what does that mean" and a year of being proud of yourself because you finally "get it", that was a long year, long but INTERESTING. Interesting - this is definitely the word of the year, never tell  " I don't understand", tell instead "interesting", dig dipper and eventually you'll understand everything, everything has an answer you just need to ask right questions, the only one thing that you should keep in your mind there is no way back only forward. I don't want to write here that the last project was tough for me because all of them were tough it's obvious, especially when you don't have the experience and you still learning, but anyway I'm not gonna lie, yes, it was challenging. I believe that the coding will change my life in a better way because I put a lot of hope and power in it, I know that eventually all of my dreams will come true, and future goals become in reality. Yours too. We just need to remember that we need to move forward, work hard, don't forget to rest a bit just to recharge the battery and keep moving again. I want to thank people who inspired and supported me this year during the school and during my life, people who didn't let me stop, people who weren't tired to remind me every day why I'm doing this. That's all I want to tell. Thank you. 
