---
layout: post
title:      "My final React project"
date:       2020-04-30 03:23:22 +0000
permalink:  my_final_react_project
---


My final project was a big challenge for me and I believe I'm not the only one who has that feeling. I build it with Ruby Rails on backend and JS React on the frontend, React was kind of new for me so that's where the challenge began. I had to learn a whole new system, how it works, and how to write syntax in the right way. After I read the requirements for my project I started to look for ideas in my head, as always when you need something nothing is coming but I kept thinking and I decided to create something helpful, some app or site which possibly will salve some problem or task. Because of quarantine now, everybody sitting lockdown at their homes and as more time we spent in apartments with four walls as more we get bored, and then my nephews came into my mind and a picture of how they were playing on their IPads all day long. Don't understand me wrong I'm ok with games and IPads but I saw how it was difficult for my sister to make them do something different, which will be the same interesting as computer games. And then I did start looking for memories inside of my head about what I did when I was in their age and I haven't any IPads, computers, or any other electronics where I can play computer games and I figured out that people totally forgot about kids magazines, which can give kids not only new bits of knowledge but also kids can find there a lot of colorful interactive games which they couldn't play on IPads, like cutting something with scissors which gonna help to improve their motoric or some other helpful stuff. So I decide to make an app where parents can read about kids magazines which will help them to pick the right one magazine for their kids, an app where they can share with other parents what their kids love to read so instead of buying a bunch of random magazines, spend a tone of money and then just throw them to the fireplace, they will pick the right one which fit their kid's interests and they gonna like it. Overall, it was a very hard and huge pile of work for me. This project is exactly what I wanted it to be when I was building a concept on a piece of paper, I would like to say yes, but there is more work and editing can be done so it will be more professional and user-friendly. But I am proud of myself. There is totally new programming world waiting for me and I am coming strong and firm.
